In this park we're going to talk about the elements of our API and I'm going to explain all the elements
that we use within our controller or.
So let's start by the main annotation that we use to create this controller which is the control sanitation.
And if we go to the rest control annotation with CMT claque And you'll notice that the rest control
annotation is inheriting from the controller annotation and building upon it.
What this says to us as the rest control annotation is using the basic functionality of a controller
in and we see which is model view controller and building upon it with the useful features that we use
with the rest API.
If we go back to our controller The other thing that we have with our controller as we have the request
mapping and if we go to the request mapping annotation you'll see that it's inheriting from the mapping
notation which is used with the endpoints in the web these endpoints can be anything from remote procedure
calls to SML and points so and point and anything you provide the mapping with this mapping annotation
is praying and we do request mapping.
You have some extra features that ease the development with resk controllers.
And as you notice below the interface we have some useful methods that we use within our controller
such as the name of the end point that were defined and the path where you will the well-you the method
that we use with the request which was like tels get put in the lead and the parameters that we can
provide to our controllers Hedger wearables that we can also provide and consumes and finally produce
those methods.
These methods enabled us to do a full fledged risk API with spring.
And let's go back to our controller again in our controller what we did was we simply underwired our
eyeballs story our product repository and the repository was a JPA repository with the auto our product
repository.
We went back and forth within our repository within our database and find the entities with the IDs
saved and these updated entities deleted entities and so on.
First method that we provide within our controller was to get it just as we have here in the get method.
We had the request mapping is going to be ID and the idea was again going to be build up upon the roof
path of our request mapping and route out of our request mapping as defined within the top of the controller.
And that was right below the rest control run rotation right here and our route that was slash API slash
product slash.
And before that Rafat of course our application was there the application that we had was on local holes
ADHD and then we had API slash products and for the get method we have Slash Id just as we define here
in your request mapping for ID forget we had to do path were you able ID within our method body fordoing
that we use the PATH variable annotation the PATH variable annotation is coming from the spring family
again as you can see Tafuri annotation has value name and a brilliant indicator so to say that if it's
required or not.
All right and in the get method we've simply said that we're going to take an idea from the path.
And with that ID we're going to find the entity within our repository and then simply return it.
After our get and point we develop the pulse and point pulsed request in the pulse method We set of
cross request mapping is going to be toast.
And in the requests body we think a Jason string.
And so that we can consume it in the consumes parameter.
We said we're going to be consuming a application underscore Jaison underscore well-you and that is
as you can see applications last Jaison
in the method signature.
We said we're going to be expecting requests body and that requires body is going to be constructed
with product object and we named a wearable of the product object as product to save in our method body.
We said we're going to save that product object and for saving that we're going to be using the product
repository that same method of the JPA repository.
And now we simply return the same product to our user guitarist API after the pulse met that we went
to the put of HDTV in the put method.
We said we're going to be using the slash ID path and of course as I just said we use the SCDP put method
and again in the request body we were expecting a Jason's.
And that is again defined as the consumer's parameter and we provided the applications like Jason well-you
and request body just like the pulse method we were expecting a product object and be named wearable
of the product object as product to update so that we could use our massive body.
And after that we said we're going to be taking an ID from our past and we do find a path right here.
And in the method signature the method parameters we use that we're going to be taking this path variable
as ID with the name.
And then we provided the instance variable name as being as ID with that ID in the method body we said
we're going to go to our Depository and find the single entity with this ID and we found producta object.
We checked it not no.
And then we went on to updating our entity with the product to update instance variables that we provided
within our requests body.
We set a name description type category one by one.
And after that we simply saved a product that we updated within our request body and then we of course
return the updated product to our users with terrorist API.
If we couldn't find the entity within our database within our repository then we logged out that no
products found that given I.D. and then we turned the product that we provide which in our requests
body are final method of crowd operations with a ETP was delete in our method.
We said we're going to be expecting again an ID in the path and with that I.D. We're going to be deleting
an entity from our database from our Abaza Tory.
And of course our method for providing this API providing this endpoint will be HTP delete in our method
signature in our method parameters.
We said we're going to be taking care of the ID with this ID string parameter with the parameter at
hand.
We go to our repository with the Feinman method that we're getting only a single entity and then we
found that we made that check if not no.
And after it's not no we simply went to our repository and we called the JPA repository delete method
we could of course have done that with the JPA is delete one method.
And that is done like this.
We could also say delete and we could provide the ID.
That's also the same thing with the JPA only a different implementation.
These are the basic elements of a rest API with these elements you could do all of any kind of API that
you need with your entities with your data.
And of course in the next section where we refactor our risk controller we're going to be adding more
on top of these API and we're going to actually improve our API so that it can be a production grade
API so to refactor our wrest control or Oliver seeing you on the next video.